Update dotnet-vstest.md (#18296)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-vstest.md

**This article applies to:** ✔️ .NET Core 2.1 SDK and later versions

> > `dotnet vstest` was superseded by `dotnet test` which can now be used to run assemblies. See https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/master/docs/core/tools/dotnet-test.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> The `dotnet vstest` command is superseded by `dotnet test`, which can now be used to run assemblies. See [`dotnet test`](dotnet-test.md).
```
